
1)
Make a five calls or may be 10 or may be 20 everyday looking at job
You will get rejections and you will become hopeless but you have to masterbate that is best way to get out of rejections. You will not get job very easily and you will loose many times. I mean the thing is that they took your family or they went off whichever but now you have no way but to keep trying.

2.) 
Talk to everyone that’s is what you have to learn . Every call you get have to be answered because you are in a situation like that

3)
In winters days are short but evening is bigger and In summers days are bigger and nights are short

4)
Mitti khodne se paani nikalta hai

5) 
Playing with ball alone

6)
This shopkeepers or business man are the one who are making our life we are nothing without them

7)
If god has made time for your death you cannot change do not try harm yourself because you have to live till god has made decision for you

8)
When you have very difficult time talking to someone then go to mall give a reason like I am searching for someone with a color 

9) 
Our life is dependent on god we can destroy ourself but till he doesn’t want us to die nothing will happen so be clever with your body

10)
Also these business man are making someone because they get the stuff and they sell it in market and hence they are trying to use the innocent people who don’t know what they have to do

11) don’t stop your bathrm when you are at home but if you get it outside then try to stop

12)
If you can’t speak with anyone in hindi then open voice memo from Mac/Utilities — voice memo — iPhone/that will help you to remove your stress
(https://hindikahani.in)
Voice memos - stored —Music—Music—Media—Music—UnknownArtist—UnknownAlbum

13)
A old lady wanted to go to kitty party

14)
If you are buying something don’t have to expedite take 1 month or 2 month then buy because Kabir das ji ka dohe yaad kar - they say that plant will only give fruits when time will come it will not give the fruit even if you give water 100 times in a day so give time in buying

15) Also if you are staying in a place and this is not your place don’t ask someone to go away you only just move from there wait for some time/ if someone is asking you to go request them sir I want to stay here for some time and then I will go. So don’t worry. Its not my road

16) There is nobody big or small . Everyone has a caliber to do its . Its just created or a power given by someone that’s. It . Everyone can do everything in this planet because we are human beings. So there is nothing like if he can do that means he was asked by god to do that and everyone comes with a purpose here don’t you feel pride in yourself. 

17) I was going in wrong direction. May be god has a different purpose for my life. May be He thought that this person should leave alone and learn the fundamentals of life. It’s the creation of god but not the creation of human beings. If somebody has love in their life that means it’s the god creation he wanted them to be together. We all help them to unite that’s it. It is all part of god . You cannot change your destiny. May be my destiny is loneliness , living life alone. Begging means like no help by anyone but doing your work. Yeah doing that but not asking money from anyone and that’s my life. He created my life for this. After living 40 years I understood that he wanted me to be alone. That’s what I think about myself

18)
If you want to move from here when don’t take your luggage with you . Ok use packers and movers and if they have a location in different city ask them that I will collect from there . That is what you have to do when sending your luggage

19)
Mere maa baap mujhe chod ke bhaag gaye akela . Yaar paida karne se pehle sochna tha na ki aisa karunga to mera beta kaisa jeeyega. Aaj main jis halaat main hoon wo apki badaulat hain. Koi nahi kya kare koi apne bacho ke jail mein chod ke jaata nahi but kya karein. Logo ke maa baap dua detta hain mera maa baap mujhe baddia de ke chale gaye

20)
Don’t you leave from here . They are the clues of what happened what is wrong and what is right . Don’t leave your clues. If the thing is if you have to die also don’t leave your clues. They are your clues. Ok so just don’t you leave from here. They are your clues. Don’t end you will not leave this place. They are the only clues . Ye Duniya bahut badi hai. Tu haarna nahi rahul. Nobody is with you they are only your clues. Don’t leave them. Let them go. They will come back here in sometime or future don’t worry. Don’t leave this place its warning for you. Take this warning as everything

21)
Tea is a drug don’t you leave it. Its a warning

22)
Porn don’t leave its a drug . You leave it you will face the consequences. Warning

23)
Jabbhi koi cheez Purani mile to ye Karna apne dil se puchna uska vyavhaar tere saath Kaisa tha. Agar uska vyavahaar bekaar hua to uska kuch bui nahi karna. Apne dil se pooch. Aaj se no gambling. Your answer is your dil that’s it. For example let’s say a company was good with me for 10 days it didn’t criticise me neither it gave me pain don’t irritate them also. And someone who has not entertained you . You don’t have to interfere just leave them there.

24.) 
Naukri mein I have to become the naukri employer and post a job. Ok do that that is another task

25.)
There is something wrong today and from many days I am seeing something very surprising. One the car moving where I am moving. People are moving also buses coming surprisingly. When I am trying to go  similar in the divider another car will be taking turn and this has been happening many times. Something is wrong in this place I can assure you this. Today the auto wala written in his auto something unusual. This is surprising and astonishing. People itching when I travel and also truck waalas writing some name very unusual. There is something I saw which was surprising. Now the answer for this is what need to figure out. with wagonr people are coming there is something wrong with this place. Today. I saw it . There is something unique about this place which I don’t know . I have to understand it.( I guarantee it now that there is something wrong). When I go to worship sun or moon they put it at right angle many times they make it disappear. There is something I need to find out ( There is something unique about this place which I am not able to confer need to work out I saw something today need to figure out)

26) Haath itna hi pehla jitna chaadar main hain. Dekh bhai no to loans. Loans I hate it. So never ever take a loan. Agar paisa aaye for example 90000 if you have that saving and you have to pay 60000 then its ok . But if you don’t have that amount in your saving without loan then don’t ever think of taking it. This is gods, My fathers, My mothers and everyone suggestion to you. Deal with it if it takes 10 years na then also you will not take any risk unless you have the saving . No to loans. That’s it and that’s it. That’s my warning to you no loans. In your complete life you will live alone but no loans let everyone go from my life but no loans ——Loans warning no

30) agar bole badubu aa rahi hai bolna 
Jo mehnet karta hai usme badbu aati hai aur jo mehnet karta hai usme badbu nahi sati

31) You are beautiful yaar I don’t want you to come in my life. I am kachda a beggar and god has gifted me that life nobody will enter in my life because I know god has gifted me such life .

32) if you will sit at home for long time for probably a 9 months then there is very good chance that you will be thinking to go from here after that and travel to a different city . Beware of that 


