1) When I go I don’t know what I need to do unless you don’t have a job don’t go anywhere stay in hyderabad and find a job here

2) Also you feel lonely if you get a job try to get married because then you will have money plus someone to talk with

3) You need to talk everyone forget whatever happened to you start a new life forgive everyone there is no one to support

4)I thought god will create something for me I begged him so many times but I realised that he won’t come to help

5) god hasn’t supported me so I understand that I have to live a life just to survive

6) Marriages happens in hyderabad too there are muslims so don’t worry . Stay in hyderabad

7) I can’t do any jobs I have seen that don’t go anywhere otherwise you will get in trouble again

8) Don’t loose hopes keep trying to study they will say things

9) When someone show marriages you feel to go to other city. You will first make sure that you won’t go anywhere second after sometime you go to marriage in hyderabad to feel good try to attend some marriage

10) Today I was feeling to leave hyderabad but when I spoke to my sister I felt that I should not go. I feel everyday going to something going to something other city before taking any wrong path read this

11) Don’t loose your certificate by taking them to some place keep them safte don’t go anywhere and stay in hyderabad

12) Get a job in hyderabad

13)if you are looking for address and you are not sure don’t take your vehicle And you you might need to ask from people to get the address so do that

14)Living a real life my ligament also broke in had and Australia so I am living a real life

15) when I see rose petal I think of travelling so try not travel

16) In new year you will go to malls say everyone new year and get the wishes from them also do this in your birthday and in the special occasion like Deepali and Holi

17)I will fight myself and in my fight nobody came to help even the people whom I have helped so it is your fight you don’t have to tell anything from anyone like what should I  do in this situation or what . Don’t tell any of your personal things to anyone

18) when I see truck I think of travelling you have to stop thinking in that way

19)whenever someone is weak he should stay in his den (hyderabad is my den) and when you come in power show your true colours to everyone

20)When I went there I saw two things one they were loading and working as coolie so that I also work because I don’t have work

21) they want to make me beggar I know this . Never ever beg for money. Stay in your house

22)what is not there in this place tell me. We have everything

23)sleep everyday try I mean. If my family loved me they will never leave you and second thing no mother or father will beat their child for doing wrong things. They will first need the explanation and then they will be angry. For example when I was kid my dad first used to check and ask me if I have done something wrong then he used to torture me. He will never beat me and my mom will never do that. Just remember this

24)When I was strangulated in neck by Guddu chacham my dad dint say anything and my mom was crying because she love loved me but she had to go with my dad because he earns she left me to handle all the pain. I ask god to help me but he dint come so I am alone no one to hear me

25) I wish this was not the case. I don’t want to stay with anyone and I want to stay with my parents and my family. No . I won’t go to my family for searching because in return you will become traveller and traveller is terrorist

26)I know you are somewhere I know that you love me I know that you love me mom I know that you love me dad but dad how should I fight with this situation. If you were here and you had to deal with the same thing what would you do explain me dad. You can’t hear me but how should I fight dad you tell me you give me solution I took a birth from you. You need to tell me . If you won’t come I won’t get a solution please I beg you dad to give me your brain to fight with these scoundrels dad. They are playing with me and you got to help me to fight with these scoundrels

27) Dad need your help daad. Dad I wish you or mom was there to motivate me. I wish you where there so that I can fight with whole dram people I want you support dad how should I fight if all are against you tell me


28) I met this one in hyd. When I spoke about her they beat me on head similar way as my sister used to beat me.
I met five people one Gujarat. Aryan Rawat he said I live in Delhi, Varun Sharma and Sudhir Choudhary and one gujraati. They said we came from Ahmedabad. 
I begged this girl I love I love you she said I have boyfriend still I begged here . She did not think about me

29) Why should I look for her. I loved my mom she left me isolated and my dad never came for me. Now I am with these drama people guys. They are asking me to go to Indore if I say no they will not treat me well and if I say yes I will be treated the same way. I think I should say no because I am happy here. I don’t have to worry about anyone. I will say no tomorrow

30) I have decided to stay here. I don’t want to go anywhere

31) Unless you have no Job I will not go away from these guys no no no baby wait get a SIM card when you go to infdore

32) You have to take your stand because I expected god to come and help me but no one came not even my mom

33) if if in job they ask you to stand till 9 you will have to

34) You have to stop looking at people try to ignore them if they look at you none helps when you need people

35) I cannot move unless I have money first accumulate money and then move forward

36) Every night read this before sleeping

37) I was thinking these guys have different behaviour than my parents . Where I am going wrong. I need to figure out

38) Someone has not cared about you. You are caring about them. You have to think about your future so that you can ear. I am going good I have to make no changes in my schedule try moving further as you are making progress. You went to her begged here and what in return you got her ignorance, disloyalty and unfaithfulness

39)I have to learn everything from computer since I didn’t got a chance to study in good school and also not teachers who can help me. No loyalty only ignorance from everyone

40) Now I am alone I have to get trust from people begin making friends I know they are bad people but you have to believe in yourself

41) I am making a progress and I will not give up and I will fight

42)Sometimes I feel irritated by him but I have to go one

43) Also many people are living in hyderabad who are not Telugu so don’t worry two more months same target study at home

44)if I go for interview say that you are from different state you came here for getting a job

45)when I needed something my mom gave me money at bad times

46) You have to snatch things in private jobs to exist you won’t get a job unless you snatch learn to snatch don’t be generous in private job. If someone ask you be the first to say that I will do

47)Going to different place without money is very dangerous because you will loose money you would like to come back but what If  I stay in hdyerabd and search for job here and If I have to stay away from them I can do that because I can come here anytime so that is an important point

48)What I think my family would be thinking the same if someone is giving them support as I feel because these guys are giving me support. This makes a good connection. When someone gives you money in need you become there slave

49) Now the question is what should I do?

50) How should I deal with this situation
51) this is never ending the study will never stop

52)Not going right now if you go remember the consequences you have to start from scratch which you don’t want

53) He gave you education. You dint know single English. Deal with it this is true. What the girl said although she was pretty she refused my offer
She is committed now and that is engaged (you don’t know how long) and for her you are going to find your family

54)Please take this as a precaution don’t leave hyderabad in any circumstances you will have to start again whatever you learnt

55) you will not travel anywhere without a job otherwise you have to start from scratch make relationship. You stay here till you don’t get a job

56) Take a small risk first say in had and then if you are able to gain success then move to bigger risk like going to another city

57) You might watch a song which will excite you to leave hyderabad don’t do that ever . Don’t leave hyderabad

58) These guys may torture you but you will not leave. Also hear the song “time traveller”

59) you might be angry with someone but when when some one leaves you then you remember him/her good things even if that is your enemy so don’t leave just because someone angers you. No stay as you are stay here and find a work first. You should not regret what you are doing

60) There is Osman sagar and Himayat Sagar. If you want to travel near the lakes these are good lakes to travel in your bad times

61) Morning to evening I will use the normal calling facility and at night I will use internet pack so that none interrupt me

62) when people have there work they do it fast when it’s someone work they have to do they delay it

63) Don’t loose hope if you get a job you have to go

64) guide has helped you number of times when you were in trouble. Remember her for being so generous in my bad times. There was no one to help. I also want to tell you will not forget her generosity when she will not speak to you don’t forget here generosity every

65)guide gave me 10000 I should be thankful to her

66) will no leave had I am fine here I get a chance to sleep

67) watch song aazmaale aazmaale from taxi no 9211. It will give you the realisation of your life. What people did with you
Even if it is my sits

68)May be tomorrow you become better but never forget what people did with you

69(When you feel like leaving because of Monali just listen two song. Ganga kinder chase Jaana and shamshaan

70)Remember what monali did with you she said I have a boyfriend remember this before taking a decision to leave hyderabad. Have faith don’t leave for anyone live your life nobody comes for you when you are in trouble

71) I was beaten by 6 people rememeber that she was involved too. She wrote in Facebook — “I will break your bones and light will guide you home”

72) picture life is completely different from real life remember don’t take steps by watching moving and imitating them. For example they have boyfriend and girlfriend and they show they marry with someone. These guys make innumerable sexual relationship . For them its use and throw ok.

73) These movies wall they use gimmick of bringing beautiful people so that we do this activity 
 
