1) Now he is partying . So there is one point that came in my mind today. Let’s suppose those guys beat me. 
If they knew all this why are they not touching these people who are main culprit. Why will they only beat me. 
If something happened to my family they will target these guys and they will try to find these guys and they will tell me. 
So there is something wrong which I can’t make out and that I have to understand. 
If these guys know my family and also they know my grandparents why will they become enemy why what is the reason. 
What have I done with them. Simple point. There is something wrong. Totally wrong. Need to figure out

2) Whatever the porn I have I have to use that if there are no good black porn or muslim porn can’t do anything. 
Just watch what is available. Like you have one laptop and mobiles . This is a time you have to compromise

3)Don’t listen to song that depresses you never do that remember it

4)my mom has given me birth if she wants bad for me no problem I will live in poverty whatever she wants will happen that .
Because I am my moms son and she has given me birth and so she has every right to curse me or give her prayers.
So I won’t worry about that. The only person I trust in my life is my mom because she cried for me no one cries for me.
And if she wants me to get away from her life that will happen my mom. I wish that every time I take birth from who 
ever mother I sacrifice my life for my family. That’s Abhimanyu  and that is ShivRah

5) Shankar Bhagwan if there is one thing I want from you is that when you take this soul from my body don't reincarnate it. Just give him a place in your legs that's it I want

6) I know I cannot deal with many but I can understand there planning and try to stop it this applicable with people who are staying with me

7) Scream when no one talks to you 

8) Porn is made by someone and I am kept alone without marrying so I have only option left which is to watch it. I cannot ignore it and I know that I am not doing wrong. 

9) The secret that they show what in TV is to bring hatred toward a particular country so if they show that somebody has done something wrong in another country they want to bring hatred toward that country

10) When you see someone fighting bring someone first and then get involved in fight

11) See the girl will never come and neither my family. People will make fun of me and people will beat me and I have to 
be cautious. Main haar chuka hoon in every way . Main kabhi Jeet nahi sakta.Lekin Main risk le sakta hoon because main har 
jagah se haar chuka hoon. I have to die that is of sure

12) Movies are trap for elders and older people if they are unmarried because this takes them to that path which they see

13) Never ever go where you have no requirement. Where they won’t talk with you. Just avoid it. There is no involvement of mine don’t have to go

14)  if god comes and ask me what is your last wish I will tell him my last wish is I want to live your life

14) why should I regret ? The regret thing started because of monali why ?but dad or mom or sisters I have not seen where you left where did you go
what you are doing. You never tried to reach me. If you will ask me for help I will help you. Why should I regret.
The whole story started because  of monali and I told her I will help you I told her I will be there with her. 
I told her many number of times this thing. Why should I regret for anything. If I did wrong. 
My family has a right to ask me. If they will go without telling me how will I help them in any way, 
I don’t regret for anything I did. I respected every one.

15) I don’t know their address you know this . How will I reach you. I don’t know your address. So I am stuck I have no option but to stay here

16) god can see me in house don’t you worry if he has created this world then if he can create sky, if he can create moon then he can see me too. 
He knows my problem . He knows . You can wish from your home. Don't worry just wish from here.

17) when someone ask you about state say that main akela hoon mera koi nahi hai . Jab mera koi nahi hai to mera state kaisa ho sakta
is ghar me chupne ke liya

18) This is my place hyderabad is my place. It started from here and it will end here. That is it I won’t let my mind to screw . I will
not see any picture of politician from now. Unless I become something in life i won’t go from here.  Hyderabad is mine. I don’t care about 
any other place but hyderabad is my place

19) I will take revenge in hyderabad that is it i won't go from here. My revenge is hyderabad

20) Unless you don’t know the truth from the correct source you don’t have to do anything.

21) for example when I was searching for work from home in YouTube there were lot of fake information I found beware
